TW-141 Activities are idempotent (#1767)
temporalio/documentation: docs/application-development/foundations.md

## Develop Activities

One of the primary things that Workflows do is orchestrate the execution of Activities.

> An Activity is a normal function or method execution that's intended to execute a single, well-defined action (either short or long-running), such as making a calculation, calling a third-party API, or transcoding a media file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Activity is a normal function or method execution that's intended to execute a single, well-defined action (either short or long-running), such as querying a database, calling a third-party API, or transcoding a media file.
```
